Don't think too much.
I slept with a waiter yesterday
What? You slept with the waiter?
Yes!
I thought you said he wasn't in a relationship.
Is there a first time?
He must have never been in love
He must be lying.
Is it yes yes yes
He has always liked Zhan Shuai
Swear not to marry unless you are a war commander
So I've never been in love
Icehouse
Are you unwilling to marry Sun Shao?
Say you lied on purpose?
It's not that I don't want to marry him and deliberately lie
I don't want to marry him.
Slept with the waiter on purpose
What you said is true.
When did this happen?
Impossible last night?
We'll be back early in the morning and you'll be at home
There's nobody else at home.
He had a good time and left
I know yours.
Except for Zhan Shuai, you don't pay attention to the people of the world
How is it possible to sleep with a waiter?
Haha, definitely lying.
Do you want to see evidence?
What evidence do you have?
If you want to see the evidence, come in and see it for me
Did you see it?
This is the first sex I left behind last night